# Coding-One-Weekly-Assessment

Within this unit we have used practical programming to create pieces of work from sound, images, and 3D graphics. These projects heavily used C++, JavaScript including other creative frameworks to complete weekly homework’s. Lecturers introduced me to many artists, but my inspiration drew from artist like Katharina Brunner and Manolo Gamboa Naon as their work was closely connected to the weekly homework we completed. Manolo uses algorithmic tools to create his pieces. Drawing influence from the are artist suggested by our lecturers to the ones that I found myself I was able to use these techniques to generate original creative works. My understanding of core programming skills grew through peer groups and constant weekly feedback when sending my fellow classmates my homework, this allowed me to fix any faults that I maybe couldn’t do by myself and better my work through this feedback. I was able to develop an advance foundation to help tackle the rest of the course by using W3schools and other online resources provided, whilst doing independent study. In the first we look at understanding sound processing through the basics of digital audio and then from there making a continuous drone-based sound texture using oscillators (sound waves). You can store, recreate and manipulative audio information in a computer for example some characteristics of a sound wave like frequency and amplitude is converted into data through samples so the computer software can read it. In my code I used amplitude modulation. This is multiplying two oscillators together, I also used frequency modulation by using the output of a sinewave oscillator to control the frequency of another.

Further into the unit we explored images processing. When looking into creating 2D graphics I further developed Flores geometrici using the mouse to control the formation of the petals, I also affected the speed and the direction of which the flowers were going and growing. Using the rose curve algorithm allowed me to understand the basics. I also used K as the number of petals, but I formed it in an irreducible fraction which I learnt how to do using a section from a Wikipedia page based on rose mathematics. I really love creating this project because showed me how to use polar coordinates to create a beautiful flower. After a few weeks in the unit, I learnt how to use if statements which I used in this so the direction of two of the flowers could be constantly moving. After the basic understanding of 2D graphics we then began to develop 3D graphics using THREE.JS to create a 3D world unfortunately I did struggle producing the 3D world using Three.js instead I used the accelerate editor to add basic shapes and 3D models to create a basic scene. Unfortunately, we used basic html to create whereas three.js is just JavaScript then we do basic geometry, you can make a box geometry to make a regular cuboid that gives width, height and depth which is similar which what I controlled on aframe.

